Tired of living, right?
Go away
Stand there and be honest, don't move
Brother Tiger
Why is it you again?
I spared your life last time
How dare you come to trouble my brother this time?
Are you tired of living?
Brother Tiger is not bad for me
I am a tiger coming down the mountain without riding the wind
I bumped into the bridge and got pissed off
This has nothing to do with me
So what do these people do?
They -- they all volunteered.
I just can't stand the despicable behavior of bridges
I want to talk to him
They're just robbing
Don't talk nonsense, we are helping each other when we see injustice
I'll tell you what.
These people are clearly found by him.
The social road always loves you, Brother Wen
I advise you not to talk nonsense.
I don't know any of these people.
So you mean to say
These people have nothing to do with you anymore.
Come
Send me all these robbers to jail
Why go to jail?
Didn't you say you robbed something and left?
Bo Ge and the others didn't talk about going to jail?
What else do you have to say?
Lazy dogs a bunch of stinky dogs
Go away
All right, get up, old man
Huang Wei, you also said that this person is not what you are looking for.
Brother Tiger is here today, I can't forgive you lightly
Come
Give me this old lamp
And this bitch dragged me out to fight
No, I'm an old man, I'm a disadvantaged group
Who dares to touch me, you stinky mouth?
I hate people who rely on the old to sell the old
Hit me to death
Not forgiveness
And you.
And you take him down for me.